Enable testing tools in isolation (#391)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: docs/source/workflows/add-unit-tests-for-tools.md

            input_data="complex query requiring context"
        )

        assert "mocked" in result.lower()
```

### Available Mock Methods

The `MockBuilder` provides mocking for all major components:

```python
# Mock LLM responses
mock_builder.mock_llm("model_name", "Fixed response")

# Mock embedder responses
mock_builder.mock_embedder("embedder_name", [0.1, 0.2, 0.3])

# Mock memory client responses
mock_builder.mock_memory_client("memory_name", {"key": "value"})

# Mock retriever responses
mock_builder.mock_retriever("retriever_name", [
    {"text": "doc1", "score": 0.9},
    {"text": "doc2", "score": 0.8}
])

# Mock function responses
mock_builder.mock_function("function_name", "function result")
```

## Troubleshooting

### Tool Not Found Error

**Error message**:
```
ValueError: Tool MyToolConfig is not registered. Make sure it's imported and registered with @register_function.
```

**Solution**: Ensure your tool's module is imported before testing:

```python
# Import the module containing your tool registration
import my_package.register  # This registers the tool

from my_package.register import MyToolConfig
```

### Mock Not Working

> If mocked dependencies aren't being used, check your setup order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If mocked dependencies are not being used, check your setup order.
```
